go for it right okay welcome to the Jess
not Jess just cool dev ipfs meter we tee
on July the 23rd is nice to have you all
here we can I please have a note-taker
volunteer themselves for today by
raising your hand yes okay Jacob thank
you that's very cool right so we have
now a a cook fat Jew oh right so this is
jumping around a little bit for me but
never mind
updates let's do a round of updates has
been a busy week I am talking so I'll go
first so what I was looking at was I
this week was looking at ipfs thought
resolve which is slightly different to I
professed Doug resolved Quan had sent a
pull request to jest like FS API to add
that API call so I was just documenting
it in interface IP fest core and adding
tests for it there also they are done
and ready what else
so I yes sir David dears was here and
unblocked a an issue with IP o D dag
Phoebe and traversing paths within dag
PB nodes and to make ji PLD do something
similar to wolf go actually FS does so I
looked at what he'd done already and
then hopeful and sort of finished it and
that commercial release that's great
and then because that was fixed and and
I profess resolve had some tests and a
spec I had a look at what it would take
to make J's ipfs also be able to do it
and then I profess resolved and turns
out if you do some
upon because we don't have IP NS we
can't do DNS lookups but we can do
things like turn in a path so ship a
route patch slash you know path to a
file we can give it that and it will
result that as in what there's old means
in this context is change that path to
the file into a the hash for that
particular file so then I looked at
vasco's IP NS tests which whole bunch of
comments on and he is steadily fixing
that up so that's all good and then I
released Jessup if s0 30.1 with a fix
for priests are being called multiple
times and then I also opened an issue
for the next version of JSI PFS which I
might now reconsider considering are we
had a conversation about bootstrap and
Gateway nodes this afternoon with David
and Lars and a whole bunch of the people
and we have some action items from that
so I'll probably be reviewing my next
week list to be something more like
release a new version of J's ipfs but
it's a new bootstrap nodes the yeah my
original plan was to fix up this pull
request that I've got for dag get to use
IP ID because now I'm blocked thanks to
that PRT IPL deep dive dB and originally
I was going to continue working on
adding CID basis and being able to
specify the base of the slighty that
gets outputted when you are Jeff s add
things did a yes and I was also gonna
try and get this poor request for
supporting rawley's and CID base into
MSS merged and but yeah like I say I
might not get all of that done and there
might be a releases JFS in between
because D Web Summit is coming up and
I'm sorry that was super long but that
was me
does anyone have any questions thank you
so much for the a bit for what's also
happening also K can perhaps check you
said it but like given my correction is
a little bit chilly could you just
clarify if on the state of base 32 like
we think we'll get that before next week
or so base 52 what I've done so far it
is not it's not adding or changing the
defaults it's adding an option to be
able to specify that you want the CID to
be a CID version one and encoded in base
20 to when you add stuff to defense when
I did that that looked super hockey I
don't know for sure if I'll be able to
get it in before the end of the week but
I was hoping to try at least but it
would be rad to get out
so before before do you have some it
just like you might hit some hiccups
reading to ideas about like the club and
I we talked about an SME like remember
that the problem where like if I say if
s something you store with jdv one on
confess and like you ask to see id sorry
if your something is our own said eb0
new idea a new associate vu one version
like every person really know about it
so we might eat like it's like super
cool 12 X 32 but at 7:00 time I doing it
to profess will mean like you work all
these users because users understand why
the heck like clouds are not being found
on the IP address and still we might
need to like a line like a row map to
the point a feature we'd like best to
make sure that the same block can be
resolved either true say DB 0 or shady V
1 right
yeah I guess so if you specify like CID
basis is 32 it's implied that you're
specifying CID version of v1 so what I
mean is really the data store issue yeah
that's why I mean it would go in as v1
and so yeah yeah if it was added to what
if that has to be zero then it would
miss that right so you're talking about
if you've added something already
yes yeah of course you wouldn't be able
to get it better if you added it again a
gorgeous thing yeah like ever didn't
mind it might mean dock you this is a
lot of work and so given that there's
like so much stuff in here probably pick
the ones that took you know you can oh
and and there are top priority
[Music]
yes not too much Jason you're right I
don't know exactly what the potential
with that until I've looked into it
further so yeah yeah make sure quarters
just the things I can cool yeah
alright thank you and equal more
questions for okay who's next here
alright because today we all we the
infrastructure team so and we found even
another solution between one and two and
we are going to deployed this week so
that we
we can like patch files only to be
pressed from any personal Network thanks
to physically delegated caching let's
call it like that
there's no sonnet with you there like we
shipped so we don't we're like we're
objectives for this quarter
that's awesome do you have more crops
are on the way like we there's a lot of
stuff I do have some it like eight
workshops and so we are preparing those
and we are making those like very
reusable people can run those workshops
when we focus on apps neither one will
be that guilty one like the the vaps one
is focusing a lot of like thinking or
like suja architectures the guilty one
is an actual like browser woodchopper
it's like what can I sleep if you have
familiar without school and you'll love
note school we might reach out to you
all to give it a trial run and tell us
it break for you
so yeah did that or still doing that
from the bug that I can already
described and I took me to the PR thank
you so much finishing it started like I
just happy to be release as I mentioned
in the beginning of the quarter we went
for her fur fur so like let's do like a
release of just like it appear soon just
to get into the flow getting that stone
I like doing like very long releases and
then like which are like peer reviews
and merged answers as usual and I didn't
want to work on them just like a pest
bio from illustrations review like
writing copy writing design like
adjusting things a lot of work went into
that
and so hopefully we will see that page
deployed this week and it's going to be
awesome
the and it's like pretty much like my
top priorities for this week just
because I yo and do Web Summit
I might not be able to tell this call
this week even as I'm going to be
focused on that event specifically so
I'll try to make it but my
and that's it I'm not bought anywhere
any questions for me can I get a thumbs
up if people manage to hear what I said
okay cool okay everything all right yeah
rad cool and machi
next please so I have been rewriting the
PDP not trust into a bunch of
microservices as I showed in the demo
it's now known on a bunch of stuff in
one thing it's now three things that run
on separate servers and I fixed some
bugs and katanas so I could demo it
because I broke it along the way and
then I just quickly fixed it to make the
demo but it's still kind of broken and
currently not blocked or anything and I
will pick my next tasks later I
currently don't have any focus I choose
when I the task but is a good one who
can we see if we have time at the end of
the cool to demo because I know we're
way over time already
is it does anyone have any questions for
machi I don't have any moment but I
didn't manage to watch the demos because
of leggy connection I watched him after
on the recording and open an issue or
saying you an email must be thank you
cool ok moving on
I don't know that there's anything in
particular to report about being general
plot but my thing this morning is to
finish the last little bit of ripping
apart and rewriting the theme for the
dock site which is not intended to be
perfect or great like it probably needs
redesign in the end but it's just to get
it not super broken like it is now it
started with kind of a really ugly hacky
port of an MK docks name
and something that's buggy in it causes
is CPU to go nuts and like it has some
like frame animation loop that gets
stuck so I'm just tearing that apart and
ripping out much the JavaScript so I
just had to finish the last bit of that
which is basically the menu on the small
screen this morning and then work with
Viktor in Lars or whoever I need to work
with to actually get that launched live
at Docs type EFS that IO and once that
happens hopefully this week then that is
the actual thing that I was originally
supposed to deliver so at that point my
involvement is going to ramp down from
the time I met now over the next few
weeks to pretty much nothing so I'll be
floating around if people have big
issues or concerns with it and I'm gonna
try and get a few other things done like
get some of the concept doc stuff we
talked about in one of the workshops at
Berlin into issues and kind of do a
little bit of proposal for how to better
approach the HTTP API Docs but otherwise
that'll just be my slowly ramping down
into not being here so that's my status
cool thanks Rob
does anyone have any questions for role
did you for I just have a comment thank
you for jumping into that as you said
has been broken for a while like pretty
much unusable you know almost like
shameful all that like embarrassing
embarrassing the every time we were
knocks like we cannot do it there was
like a given actual eye catching that
part of things one request from the past
that is still important today is 12 just
like a generated version like a
generator mic down version of the docs
so if there is a way to have a template
in which the docs that are generated to
Jess socks can like existing in my town
that will be amazing because then we
could start relying on those to add it
to the Remi of the modules and Ikes
Publishing 8:20 p.m. right now like the
dogs are always even in a URL and so we
don't really rely on Jess socks one good
thing is that I've seen that like people
especially the new women Tanner's I have
been like more diligent on writing the
jayhawks annotations you know in the
modules and so I think we are in the
face where I could should I just grab
the momentum or like people excited to
read more better Docs and like make it
so that when they write the jayhawks
annotations it actually goes into the
the markdown file that people consume to
search for docs but it may be like maybe
I'm not already asking too many things
but it's just something for you to keep
in my row the code in the dark side that
will generate J's doc Doc's from JSF PFS
and just like the FS API is there it
just commented out because there's not
really any meaningful Tia stock for
those Vipers and that the doc site right
now is is focused on just make the high
level stuff that somebody new coming
into it needs make that part work well
because I think somebody who's trying to
get a good overall picture of ipfs and
and learn it is probably not gonna
understand even where to begin diving
into light guess at the FS repo or
something support for that it's there
it's just commented out because doesn't
do anything useful at the moment cuz we
don't actually have those Doc's got it
so I totally got it wrong I don't you
were talking about the meanie Doc's
websites that gets published with every
module release and not the dog that I do
that I you know I know I see okay got it
thank you
comment sorry now I would love to go
through if I get some time and do some J
s talks for the ipfs an IP FS API beer
cool
it's good to know that's there thank you
rob question and just a short note on
that that would be awesome
I think one thing that I'm thinking
about but don't know that I'll ever have
time to get to but just to put it out
here
it might be valuable to take that API
Doc's section of the readme and replace
it with some kind of placeholder and and
generate it from the Jo stock also
because it's kind of structured that way
anyway right now so that way we can
generate like a much fancier Jo stock
output but we can also generate
something to rethink department and
they'll make that work seem much
redundant when you're writing the GS tax
yeah absolutely
I'm cool right shall we move on who's
next
Jacob would you like to go yeah I'll be
quick so we did some updates for Libby
to be switched last week that includes
some bug fixes to protocol stats from
Dmitry and then machi found a
vulnerability with identifying switch so
that is fixed and published in 47 for
switch so make sure you upgrade to that
will probably bump that version in Lib
p2p in the next release and then the
private network initial release is out
I'll be working this week on getting on
integration with ipfs repo and um JSI
PFS the death still needs to get
launched with lib p2p but that should be
that pair should we go and then I'll
also be working on um figuring out
what's left for pure and content
rounding to get shipped any questions
from me well and then connection manager
also got merged for automatic certain
stopping we just need to get that
released in the next version of the p2p
could I ask a question about or maybe
for people who are on the call or
looking at the school today
tier private networking can you maybe
tell me what that is
yeah so the private networking all it is
is we wrap all productions all
connections in a protector so does very
very basic encryption where we do give
pretty shared key to notes to ipfs notes
and you just put that in the base of the
repo and then what that will do is it
make sure that when it's connecting to
other peers that those peer are in its
swarm so that their their valid and so
it's just to make sure that you're not
talking to peers that are outside of
your private network right okay and we
did we didn't have anything like that
before
it's in go it's been live and go but it
hasn't been live in in JSI p.m. okay got
it got it cool okay thank you
any other questions for Jacob right okay
shall we move on to Alex
yes do you know so I finished off the
PRS from adding more leaf nodes reporter
and the first which I print in a stay to
see IDs from the command line and
they're turning in from the API in
streams so which was I meant improving
CID via one support and UNIX FS engine
because it wasn't really there still a
few loose ends to tie for and that
problem they've got to get that motion
probably tomorrow
I was continue working on NPM on AIA
ipfs basically taking the existing code
trying to simplify a bit moderniser
encoder deployed somewhere else place
you can be the main thruster this week
everything get something to by anyone
thank you Alex next quickfire
that's got hello
so regarding last week I was working in
the interface I professed score I solved
all the code review from Allen he added
some comments today that I will finish
also lighter today then during the
weekend I managed to get the repo
interoperability working I created to be
ours 4GS ffs ffs' repo and interrup
basically I had to
that's our spec file and that sort
default config which are expected by the
code image then regarding the IP NS I
got earlier today the go publish and yes
resolve Ibanez working now I needed to
to get the other side so just to go I
panas interoperability which currently
is a problem for me I'm trying to
understand now what's the problem so I'm
blocked in the rear pointer of be ours
it would be really cool if they were
merged as soon as possible because they
are blocking the interoperability of a
penis as well and so for this week I
want to interrupt repo and I pianist
interrupt as well to be almost finished
and I've also looked around the
recommendation tool and there are some
problems I think that I will need to
discuss probably with the bit later
because the repo version 6 of GS is not
the same physics as in go because the
physics of go since the version 0 for 11
is the kind of difference between go and
GS variable talked with my school and I
think it's almost it's any questions
couple thanks ASCO we're going to leave
questions for after so we're moving on
to Travis yeah
so last week I spent some time going
through and updating IPTV to use
interfaces more consistently these
interfaces and build out all all the
systems that it can the nodes that I can
manage as plugins and so this mix mix I
need to be a lot more generic so I'm
going to continue working on that
there's a couple little areas for them
to split the interface
a little bit more difficulty more
generic everything has to be implemented
update to see why and I'm also going to
be looking into you
the first kind of way to to do JSI PFS
with it so I know Victor took a stab at
this and it was an in kind of slow I'm
going to potentially try to just
instantly quick kind of do the same
thing see what it actually feels like
and then open up an issue on to kind of
discuss other ways we could could
approach running it I think with the the
daemon side the initial start is fine
but it's the COI that really kind of
gets in the way of having these kind of
like one-second parsing times that might
just be able to be solved through taking
COI quickly converting it to HTTP
request and then making a natural
request across basically making the CYO
Oxana so it doesn't have to parse the
entire note but yeah nice Thank You
Travis
whoever got next Hugo so last week I
took some time off so I didn't get that
much done but I still managed to work on
the getting started section on JSF if
ifs are you and also trying to figure
out how to support religious URLs on
gets we so we can load the site with
sites through IP FS both the tasks are
often the first one is working well on
that they were my moods but once we get
to the production bills everything kind
of falls apart because we get reuses all
lignified version so we need to bundle
jessica face with only es five features
and all that jazz so
you're like we can I can I have like two
solutions either try to update gets me
to the last version or I try to include
the experimental build from Asia on JSI
PFS on a JSF EFS release and kinda
trying to figure out which one is the
best one for now and to be able to
finish this in time and also I'm still
trying to make get to be support to
write of URLs I have it done for all the
almost all the assets but I'm having
trouble getting it to work with the J's
files so I'll probably work on this for
the rest of the week until everything is
ready to the d-wave summits no hopefully
I'll have some time to do something else
but I think our focus and uber system
needs to get this done so that's it nice
thank you google we are eight minutes
over if anyone else would like to stick
on the cool then you are welcome for
questions but you are free to go if you
would like to go and we have some extra
people here we have Mike and open if
you'd like to say hi then please do now
hi I was just here to listen so I don't
know anything else to say you quite
welcome cool uh all right in which case
I think we're all done and we can move
on to IRCs
and github issues but thank you very
much all for coming and Kimmy can I just
ask every night posting some questions
watch comment / suggestions so on the
chat - I guess people share their blades
if you could just act that they saw that
it would be super helpful or copy/paste
it so that you don't know was it
Alban is your first time he's called you
to say hi yeah yeah cool
yeah welcome as you see like this Carl
typically goes very fast we do a lot of
updates
and it was kind of like a week more
messy because the Jeff is there I be
pestilence a little bit plus we had some
Cuban ships but we do it for 30 minutes
okay and thank you so much for outing as
our system and thank you everyone for
those things ok st hooray got the